Unify guide references on 3.3 (#1712)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-vmware-cloud-init-and-userdata-templates-for-provisioning.adoc

Because of the `cloud-init` service, the virtual machine always calls back to {Project} even if you register the virtual machine to {SmartProxy}.
Ensure that you configure port and firewall settings to open any necessary connections.

> For more information about port and firewall requirements, see {InstallingServerDocURL}satellite-ports-and-firewalls-requirements_{project-context}[Port and Firewall Requirements] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_ and {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}capsule-ports-and-firewalls-requirements_{smart-proxy-context}[Ports and Firewalls Requirements] in _Installing {SmartProxyServer}_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about port and firewall requirements, see {InstallingServerDocURL}satellite-ports-and-firewalls-requirements_{project-context}[Port and Firewall Requirements] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_ and {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}capsule-ports-and-firewalls-requirements_{smart-proxy-context}[Ports and Firewalls Requirements] in _{InstallingSmartProxyDocTitle}_.
```
